go/nonogram/README.md, before:

# Nonogram

## Benchmark

For current version of tests:

### Test P001

Nonogram with 5 rows and 5 columns, Solved Nonogram use 14 steps, 0.00s:

```
+-+-+-+-+-+
|• o o o •|
|• o • o •|
|• o o o •|
|• • o • •|
|• • o o •|
+-+-+-+-+-+
```

### P060

Nonogram with 10 rows and 10 columns, Solved Nonogram use 1681 steps, 0.00s:

```
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
|• • • o o o • • o o|
|o • o • o • o o • •|
|• o o • o o • • • o|
|• • o • • o o • o •|
|• • • o o • • o o o|
|o • o • o • • • • o|
|o o o o • o • • o •|
|• • • • o • o o • •|
|• • • o • • • o • •|
|• o o • o • • o o •|
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
```

### P097

Nonogram with 15 rows and 15 columns, Solved Nonogram use 36993 steps, 0.02s:

```
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
|• • • • • • • • • • • o • o •|
|• • • • • • • o o o o • o o •|
|• • • • • • o o o o o o • o •|
|• • • • • • o o o • o • o • o|
|• • • • • • o o • • o o o o •|
|• • • • • • o o • • o o o • •|
|• • • • • o o o o o o • o • o|
|• • • • o o • o o • • • o o o|
|• • • o o • o • • • • o o o •|
|• • o o • • o • • • o o • o •|
|• o o • • • o o • • • • • o •|
|o • o • • • • o • • • • • o •|
|o • o • • • • o o • • • • o •|
|• o o • • • • • o • • • • • o|
|• • • • • • • • o o o o o o o|
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
```

# P136

New Nonogram with 15 rows and 20 columns, Solved Nonogram use 8867 steps, 0.00s:

```
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
|• • • o o o o • o o o • • o o o • • • •|
|• • • • o o o o • o o o o o o o o o o o|
|• • o o • o o o • • o • o o • o o o o •|
|• • o o o o o • o o o o • o o o • o o o|
|• • • • o o • o • o o • o o • • • o o •|
|• • o o o o o • o • • o o • • o o • • o|
|o o o o o • o o • • o o o o o o • o o o|
|o • o • o o • o o o • o o o o o o o o •|
|• • • • • o o o • • • • • o • o • • • •|
|• • • • • o o o • • • • • • o o • • • •|
|• • • • • o o • • • • • • • • o o • • •|
|• • • • • o o • • • • • • • • o o • • •|
|• • • • • o o o o • • • • • • o o • • •|
|• • • • o o o o • o • • • • o o o • • •|
|• • • • o o • o • o • • • o o • o • • •|
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
```

### P150

New Nonogram with 15 rows and 20 columns, Solved Nonogram use 13540468 steps,
4.19s:

```
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
|• • • • • • • o • • o • • o • • o • o •|
|• • • • o o o o o • o • o o o • o o o •|
|• • • o • • • o o o o o • • o o • • o o|
|• • • o • o • • o • o o o o • • o • o •|
|• • • • o o • • o o o o o • • • • o o o|
|• • o o o • o o • o • • o • o • • o o o|
|• o • • • o • • o • • o o o o • o • o o|
|• o • o • • o • o • • o • • • o o • o •|
|• • o o • • o o o o o • • • • • o o o •|
|• o o o o o • o • • • o • o • • o • o o|
|o • • • o • o • • o • • o o o • o o o o|
|o • o • • o o • o o • o o o • o o • o •|
|• o o • • o • o o o o o o o o o o o • •|
|• • o • o • o • • • o o o o o o • o o •|
|• • • o o o • • o • o • o o o o • o • o|
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
```

Commit message:

feat(nonogram): improve by propagate forced values

go/nonogram/README.md, after:

# Nonogram

Algorithm:

- Find all possible patterns for each row and column based on clues
- Use all candidate patterns to find force filled and force empty cells in a
  line
- Propagate the filled and empty cells to other lines until no more cells can be
  propagated
- Use backtracking to try each branch if the propagation cannot fill all cells

## Benchmark

For current version of tests:

### Test P001

Nonogram with 5 rows and 5 columns, Solved Nonogram use 40 steps, 0.00s:

```
+-+-+-+-+-+
|• o o o •|
|• o • o •|
|• o o o •|
|• • o • •|
|• • o o •|
+-+-+-+-+-+
```

### P060

Nonogram with 10 rows and 10 columns, Solved Nonogram use 200 steps, 0.00s:

```
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
|• • • o o o • • o o|
|o • o • o • o o • •|
|• o o • o o • • • o|
|• • o • • o o • o •|
|• • • o o • • o o o|
|o • o • o • • • • o|
|o o o o • o • • o •|
|• • • • o • o o • •|
|• • • o • • • o • •|
|• o o • o • • o o •|
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
```

### P097

Nonogram with 15 rows and 15 columns, Solved Nonogram use 270 steps, 0.00s:

```
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
|• • • • • • • • • • • o • o •|
|• • • • • • • o o o o • o o •|
|• • • • • • o o o o o o • o •|
|• • • • • • o o o • o • o • o|
|• • • • • • o o • • o o o o •|
|• • • • • • o o • • o o o • •|
|• • • • • o o o o o o • o • o|
|• • • • o o • o o • • • o o o|
|• • • o o • o • • • • o o o •|
|• • o o • • o • • • o o • o •|
|• o o • • • o o • • • • • o •|
|o • o • • • • o • • • • • o •|
|o • o • • • • o o • • • • o •|
|• o o • • • • • o • • • • • o|
|• • • • • • • • o o o o o o o|
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
```

# P136

New Nonogram with 15 rows and 20 columns, Solved Nonogram use 175 steps, 0.00s:

```
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
|• • • o o o o • o o o • • o o o • • • •|
|• • • • o o o o • o o o o o o o o o o o|
|• • o o • o o o • • o • o o • o o o o •|
|• • o o o o o • o o o o • o o o • o o o|
|• • • • o o • o • o o • o o • • • o o •|
|• • o o o o o • o • • o o • • o o • • o|
|o o o o o • o o • • o o o o o o • o o o|
|o • o • o o • o o o • o o o o o o o o •|
|• • • • • o o o • • • • • o • o • • • •|
|• • • • • o o o • • • • • • o o • • • •|
|• • • • • o o • • • • • • • • o o • • •|
|• • • • • o o • • • • • • • • o o • • •|
|• • • • • o o o o • • • • • • o o • • •|
|• • • • o o o o • o • • • • o o o • • •|
|• • • • o o • o • o • • • o o • o • • •|
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
```

### P150

New Nonogram with 15 rows and 20 columns, Solved Nonogram use 420 steps,
0.00s:

```
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
|• • • • • • • o • • o • • o • • o • o •|
|• • • • o o o o o • o • o o o • o o o •|
|• • • o • • • o o o o o • • o o • • o o|
|• • • o • o • • o • o o o o • • o • o •|
|• • • • o o • • o o o o o • • • • o o o|
|• • o o o • o o • o • • o • o • • o o o|
|• o • • • o • • o • • o o o o • o • o o|
|• o • o • • o • o • • o • • • o o • o •|
|• • o o • • o o o o o • • • • • o o o •|
|• o o o o o • o • • • o • o • • o • o o|
|o • • • o • o • • o • • o o o • o o o o|
|o • o • • o o • o o • o o o • o o • o •|
|• o o • • o • o o o o o o o o o o o • •|
|• • o • o • o • • • o o o o o o • o o •|
|• • • o o o • • o • o • o o o o • o • o|
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
```
